hey guys here's my 1989 Honda and x6 50
also known as the Dominator in Europe
this is part three of my video this
morning I was able to get the shock
mounted back on got the mufflers
installed the airbox battery back on the
bike
let me just pan around you can actually
see what I did with the external
reservoir which is the XR 250r reservoir
as you can see right here what I did is
I installed it right here with just a
zip tie temporarily I also put a sock
around it so I won't scratch the frame
of the bike that's probably the best
place that I was able to find that this
will get installed what will happen is a
black piece of fairing will cover that
up a majority of this as you can see
from the bike the it's missing the
fairings right now I've got the plastic
in the garage and in process of painting
them I'm probably the same color which
is going to be black and I should have
that installed over the next couple days
and then I'll do another video so real
quick let me just go ahead and start it
for you guys
so if any of you guys are looking to
find a shock for a Honda and x6 50 and
don't want to spend the money on a brand
new one my recommendation is do what I
did is take an xr2 50 our shock which is
13.5 inches eye-to-eye
take off your spring off the Honda and
x6 50 put it on the shock put some oil
in it take it to a Honda dealership or
any type of dealership they'll compress
the spring put it on the shock and get
it installed and it works beautiful so I
hope you guys enjoy these videos and
over the next month or two when I get
the plastic finished on the bike I'll go
ahead and make one last video hope this
was informative see you guys